README.md, before:

TODO:

Sidebar:

- [x] Improve responsiveness

  - Should be small bar on half Macbook screen size
    - Added TabBar and improve the styling of the sidebar

- [x] Improve color scheme (always wip)

  - Black should be a ligher grey

Home/Thought Creation:

- [x] Move index to /home
- [ ] Redesign it because it's shit (wip).

About:

- [ ] Add proper about/not signed in page

~~Onboarding:~~

- [ ] ~~Implement proper username taken error~~
- [ ] ~~Make it look like I didn't throw it together in a sociology lesson~~

Signup:

- [ ] Make signup page:
  - Button(s) with oAuth Provider(s)
  - Welcome message
  - Privacy Policy/Terms of Service (???)

Thought Card:

- [ ] Add back button to card
- [ ] Add more posts at bottom (timeline of user's thoughts)

Profile/Timeline:

- [x] Add bookmarks of certain thoughts. Only the user's own thoughts though.

Frontend:

- [x] Implement proper design system:

  - im thinking like a note taking sort of app. the sidebar could be a representation of a spiral notebook or bookmark system?
  - clean, modern but playful.
  - the whole interface should feel inviting for the user to spill their heart out, right now it feels like a corporate app.

- [x] Implement preloader for sessions:
  - This is important becuase the overall fluidity of the app will be improved, instead of shit just popping up we'll wait for the session to finish loading.
    - If user is authentcated: continue
    - If not: got to signin/signup (this will be done when I, well, implement signing up)

Planned Features:

- Search thoughts by day/week/month/etc.
- See a list of thoughts under the one you have clicked on from that same day.
- Replace most buttons with text with a proper icons.
- Ability to save thoughts as a draft to come back to later.
- Ability to give thoughts an (option) tite/header.
- Ability to create thoughts with Markdown.

Commit message:

feat: see your most recent thoughts on the thought page :^)

README.md, after:

TODO:

Sidebar:

- [x] Improve responsiveness

  - Should be small bar on half Macbook screen size
    - Added TabBar and improve the styling of the sidebar

- [x] Improve color scheme (always wip)

  - Black should be a ligher grey

Home/Thought Creation:

- [x] Move index to /home
      ~~ - [] Redesign it because it's shit (wip). ~~ too late.

~~Onboarding:~~

- [ ] ~~Implement proper username taken error~~
- [ ] ~~Make it look like I didn't throw it together in a sociology lesson~~

- [ ] Add ability to delete account and change name on new meta page.

Signup:

- [ ] Make welcome page:
  - Button(s) with oAuth Provider(s)
  - Welcome message
  - psuedo Privacy Policy (don't collect any data, only store what is absolutely nessicary for oAuth and Thought functionality)

Thought Card:

- ~~ [ ] Add back button to card ~~ nah.
- [x] Add more posts at bottom (timeline of user's thoughts)

Profile/Timeline:

- [x] Add bookmarks of certain thoughts. Only the user's own thoughts though.

Frontend:

- [x] Implement proper design system:

  - im thinking like a note taking sort of app. the sidebar could be a representation of a spiral notebook or bookmark system?
  - clean, modern but playful.
  - the whole interface should feel inviting for the user to spill their heart out, right now it feels like a corporate app.

- [x] Implement preloader for sessions:
  - This is important becuase the overall fluidity of the app will be improved, instead of shit just popping up we'll wait for the session to finish loading.
    - If user is authentcated: continue
    - If not: got to signin/signup (this will be done when I, well, implement signing up)

Planned Features:

- Search thoughts by day/week/month/etc.
- See a list of thoughts under the one you have clicked on from that same day.
- Replace most buttons with text with a proper icons.
- Ability to save thoughts as a draft to come back to later.
- Ability to give thoughts an (option) tite/header.
- Ability to create thoughts with Markdown.
